fix(curriculum): fix grammar and wording in arrays tutorials (#67502)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-working-with-arrays/6732aebaa8abb9086a9bb17a.md

# --interactive--

> In the previous lesson, you were introduced to working with arrays and accessing different elements in arrays. Here is a reminder of how to access the second element in array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous lesson, you were introduced to working with arrays and accessing different elements in arrays. Here is a reminder of how to access the second element in an array:
```

:::

> In this example, we replaced `"banana"` with `"blueberry"` at index `1`. This method allows you to change any element in the array, as long as you know its index. You can also add new elements to an array by assigning a value to an index that does not yet exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we replaced `banana` with `blueberry` at index `1`. This method allows you to change any element in the array, as long as you know its index. You can also add new elements to an array by assigning a value to an index that doesn't yet exist:
```
